com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/IssueImage.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.IssueImage
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/UnitAttributes.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.UnitAttributes
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/maintenance/MaintenanceList.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.MaintenanceList
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/dialog/SimplePickerDialog.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.dialog.SimplePickerDialog
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BottomSheetBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BottomSheetBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityMaintenanceBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityMaintenanceBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/StaticListItem.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StaticListItem
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityInboxBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityInboxBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/RptTimeAndGpsActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.RptTimeAndGpsActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.RptTimeAndGpsActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.RptTimeAndGpsActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.RptTimeAndGpsActivity$3
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityReportDetailBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityReportDetailBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/InboxActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InboxActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InboxActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InboxActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InboxActivity$2$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/version/Version.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.version.Version
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/Intervals.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.Intervals
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ContentReportInboxBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ContentReportInboxBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/WorkplanTestItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.WorkplanTestItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/activity/activityinterface.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.activity.activityinterface
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/Session.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.Session
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/Form.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.Form
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/FormField.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.FormField
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingRow1Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingRow1Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/dynforms/AppFormDialogFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.AppFormDialogFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.AppFormDialogFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.AppFormDialogFragment$2
com/app/ps19/elecapp/wplan/ui/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/ImageSaver.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.ImageSaver
com/app/ps19/elecapp/MainActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$1$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$1$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$10
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$11
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$12
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$13
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$14
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$15
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$16
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$17
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$18
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$19
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$20
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$21
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$22
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$23
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$24
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$25
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$25$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$25$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$25$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$25$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$25$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$7$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$7$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$8$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MainActivity$9
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/maintenance/Maintenance.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.Maintenance
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/LocationMarkers.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.LocationMarkers
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/TemplatePlanCompletionView.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.TemplatePlanCompletionView
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/defects/DefectsActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.DefectsActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.DefectsActivity$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/PictureActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.PictureActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.PictureActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.PictureActivity$2
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/WorkplanTestGroupBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.WorkplanTestGroupBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/LocationService.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.LocationService
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/FileLogger.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.FileLogger
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/HosOvertimeDialogBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.HosOvertimeDialogBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/dynforms/DynFormTable.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynFormTable
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynFormTable$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityInbox2Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityInbox2Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivitySessionDashboardBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivitySessionDashboardBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/wplan/WplanActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$9
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$CustExpListview
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$JPAreaAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$JPAreaAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$JPAreaAdapter$MyViewHolder$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$ParentLevel
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$ParentLevel$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$SecondLevelAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$Template
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$Test
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.WplanActivity$Unit
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityRptTimeAndGpsBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityRptTimeAndGpsBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentSelectWorkPlanBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentSelectWorkPlanBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/ImagePickerActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ImagePickerActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ImagePickerActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ImagePickerActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ImagePickerActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ImagePickerActivity$PickerOptionListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/RecentDefectParentItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.RecentDefectParentItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityDashBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityDashBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/Inbox.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.Inbox
com/app/ps19/elecapp/InspectionMapActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionMapActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionMapActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionMapActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionMapActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionMapActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionMapActivity$5
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/MySpinnerItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.MySpinnerItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/PreviousDefectParentItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.PreviousDefectParentItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/location/config/LocationParams.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.config.LocationParams
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.config.LocationParams$Builder
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/TaskDashboardNewBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.TaskDashboardNewBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/location/utils/LocationRelay.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.utils.LocationRelay
com/app/ps19/elecapp/clusterItemAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.clusterItemAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.clusterItemAdapter$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.clusterItemAdapter$ViewHolder
com/app/ps19/elecapp/MaintainFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MaintainFragment
com/app/ps19/elecapp/ReportViewActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportViewActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportViewActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportViewActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportViewActivity$2$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportViewActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportViewActivity$RemedialActions
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityStartInspectionBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityStartInspectionBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/EndPointRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.EndPointRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentRecentIssuesBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentRecentIssuesBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentSessionSecondLevelViewBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentSessionSecondLevelViewBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/RptTimeAndGPS.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.RptTimeAndGPS
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.RptTimeAndGPS$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.RptTimeAndGPS$TimeEvent
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/PhotographerFactory.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.PhotographerFactory
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingDescriptionRow3Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingDescriptionRow3Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingCheckboxRow8Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingCheckboxRow8Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/MyDrawView.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.MyDrawView
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/CameraView.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.CameraView
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.CameraView$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.CameraView$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.CameraView$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.CameraView$Callback
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/PreviousDefectChildItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.PreviousDefectChildItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/endPointAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.endPointAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.endPointAdapter$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.endPointAdapter$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.endPointAdapter$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.endPointAdapter$3$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.endPointAdapter$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.endPointAdapter$4$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.endPointAdapter$4$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.endPointAdapter$ServerTestAsyncTask
com/app/ps19/elecapp/sessionsAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.sessionsAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/IFunctionCallBack.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.IFunctionCallBack
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityTaskBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityTaskBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/options/SizeItem.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.options.SizeItem
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingRowChildBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingRowChildBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/AutoFitTextureView.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.AutoFitTextureView
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.AutoFitTextureView$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.AutoFitTextureView$Callback
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/IssueTabCustomTitleBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.IssueTabCustomTitleBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/wplan/runInProgressAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.runInProgressAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/DBHandler.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.DBHandler
com/app/ps19/elecapp/WorkPlanActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.WorkPlanActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.WorkPlanActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.WorkPlanActivity$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.WorkPlanActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.WorkPlanActivity$2$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/wplan/plansFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.plansFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.plansFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.plansFragment$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.plansFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.plansFragment$2$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.plansFragment$2$2
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityImagePickerBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityImagePickerBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/defectCodeAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defectCodeAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defectCodeAdapter$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defectCodeAdapter$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defectCodeAdapter$3
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/options/PickerItemWrapper.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.options.PickerItemWrapper
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.options.PickerItemWrapper$WrapperFactory
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ImageLayoutBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ImageLayoutBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/AssetFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AssetFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AssetFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AssetFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AssetFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/ImageDownloaderTask.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.ImageDownloaderTask
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingRadiobuttonRow21Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingRadiobuttonRow21Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ItemDynFormListBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ItemDynFormListBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Camera2Activity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Camera2Activity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Camera2Activity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Camera2Activity$2
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/SizeMap.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.SizeMap
com/app/ps19/elecapp/TaskDetailActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDetailActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDetailActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDetailActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDetailActivity$3
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingDescriptionRow7Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingDescriptionRow7Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityReportWebViewBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityReportWebViewBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/InspectionMembersRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.InspectionMembersRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingDescriptionRow5Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingDescriptionRow5Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/hos/HosActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.hos.HosActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.hos.HosActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.hos.HosActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.hos.HosActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.hos.HosActivity$3$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.hos.HosActivity$RangeTimePickerDialog
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityEndPointBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityEndPointBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/IssuesActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssuesActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssuesActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssuesActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssuesActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssuesActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssuesActivity$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssuesActivity$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssuesActivity$FragmentRefreshAssetFormListener
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssuesActivity$FragmentRefreshFormListener
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssuesActivity$FragmentRefreshIssueListener
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssuesActivity$FragmentRefreshUnitListener
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssuesActivity$PlaceholderFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssuesActivity$SectionsPagerAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/VoiceLayoutBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.VoiceLayoutBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/Utils.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Utils
com/app/ps19/elecapp/geofencing/model/GeofenceModel.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.geofencing.model.GeofenceModel
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.geofencing.model.GeofenceModel$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.geofencing.model.GeofenceModel$Builder
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ContentUserViewBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ContentUserViewBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentMaintainBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentMaintainBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/hos/DateSlot.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.hos.DateSlot
com/app/ps19/elecapp/defects/ui/main/PageViewModel.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.ui.main.PageViewModel
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.ui.main.PageViewModel$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/ReportAddActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$10
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$11
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$12
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$13
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$14
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$15
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$16
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$17
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$18
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$19
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$20
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$21
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$22
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$23
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$24
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$25
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$26
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$9
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportAddActivity$RemedialActions
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentUnitsBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentUnitsBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityUnitCordsAdjBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityUnitCordsAdjBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingTextviewRow23Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingTextviewRow23Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/RemedialActionItem.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.RemedialActionItem
com/app/ps19/elecapp/geofencing/utils/GeofenceErrorMessages.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.geofencing.utils.GeofenceErrorMessages
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingRadiobuttonRow12Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingRadiobuttonRow12Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityPictureBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityPictureBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentWorkOrderListBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentWorkOrderListBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingTimeRow9Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingTimeRow9Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentBriefingBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentBriefingBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/assetAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.assetAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/Camera2Photographer.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.Camera2Photographer
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.Camera2Photographer$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.Camera2Photographer$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.Camera2Photographer$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.Camera2Photographer$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.Camera2Photographer$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.Camera2Photographer$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.Camera2Photographer$7
com/app/ps19/elecapp/ScribbleNotesActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ScribbleNotesActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ScribbleNotesActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ScribbleNotesActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ScribbleNotesActivity$2$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ScribbleNotesActivity$SaveImageTask
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/dynforms/OnValueChangeEventListener.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.OnValueChangeEventListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentDynFormBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentDynFormBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/UnitSelectionFixedRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.UnitSelectionFixedRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/TaskRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.TaskRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityUnitSelectionBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityUnitSelectionBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/maintenance/MaintenanceLocation.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.MaintenanceLocation
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingRadiobuttonRow15Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingRadiobuttonRow15Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/infoTableActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.infoTableActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.infoTableActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.infoTableActivity$2
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/ListMap.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.ListMap
com/app/ps19/elecapp/UnitSelectionActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitSelectionActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitSelectionActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitSelectionActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitSelectionActivity$3
com/app/ps19/elecapp/reportImgAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportImgAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportImgAdapter$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportImgAdapter$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportImgAdapter$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportImgAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingRadiobuttonRow16Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingRadiobuttonRow16Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/SettingsActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$10
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$11
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$11$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$12
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$9
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$9$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$9$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SettingsActivity$9$3
com/app/ps19/elecapp/DynFormFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DynFormFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DynFormFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DynFormFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DynFormFragment$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DynFormFragment$OnFormClickListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/StopInspectionFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StopInspectionFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StopInspectionFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StopInspectionFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StopInspectionFragment$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StopInspectionFragment$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StopInspectionFragment$MyReceiver
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StopInspectionFragment$StopDialogListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ReportRowNewBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ReportRowNewBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/defects/ui/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentInspectionAdapterBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentInspectionAdapterBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentRunsBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentRunsBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/ReportDetailActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportDetailActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportDetailActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportDetailActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportDetailActivity$2$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportDetailActivity$TimeAndGpsReportAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/dynforms/IViewController.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.IViewController
com/app/ps19/elecapp/LampApplication.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LampApplication
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LampApplication$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LampApplication$2
com/app/ps19/elecapp/UnitsFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitsFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitsFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitsFragment$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitsFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitsFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitsFragment$SpinAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitsFragment$StableArrayAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/FragmentToActivityInterface.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.FragmentToActivityInterface
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/DataSyncProcessEx.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.DataSyncProcessEx
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.DataSyncProcessEx$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.DataSyncProcessEx$DataSyncProcessListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/SessionDashboard.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SessionDashboard
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SessionDashboard$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SessionDashboard$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SessionDashboard$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SessionDashboard$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SessionDashboard$4$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SessionDashboard$4$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SessionDashboard$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SessionDashboard$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SessionDashboard$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SessionDashboard$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SessionDashboard$9
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentWorkerBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentWorkerBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityScribbleNotesBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityScribbleNotesBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/dynforms/defaultvalues/DynFormListDv.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.defaultvalues.DynFormListDv
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/OnItemClick.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.OnItemClick
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityWorkPlanBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityWorkPlanBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/geofencing/providers/GeofenceTransitionsJobIntentService.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.geofencing.providers.GeofenceTransitionsJobIntentService
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/SafetyBriefingForm.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.SafetyBriefingForm
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityInspectionBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityInspectionBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/WorkPlan.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.WorkPlan
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/DialogPinBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.DialogPinBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/options/AspectRatioItem.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.options.AspectRatioItem
com/app/ps19/elecapp/defects/PreviousDefectsMapActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.PreviousDefectsMapActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.PreviousDefectsMapActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.PreviousDefectsMapActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.PreviousDefectsMapActivity$2$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.PreviousDefectsMapActivity$3
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/dynforms/DynFormConfig.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynFormConfig
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/LocationReceiver.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.LocationReceiver
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/JourneyPlan.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.JourneyPlan
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingDescriptionRow2Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingDescriptionRow2Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityWorkerAddBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityWorkerAddBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/safetyBriefing/ui/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/safetyBriefing/ui/main/PageViewModel.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.ui.main.PageViewModel
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.ui.main.PageViewModel$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/SimpleOnEventListener.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.SimpleOnEventListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/hos/IServerResponseCallback.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.hos.IServerResponseCallback
com/app/ps19/elecapp/EndPointActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.EndPointActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.EndPointActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.EndPointActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.EndPointActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.EndPointActivity$3$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.EndPointActivity$3$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.EndPointActivity$3$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.EndPointActivity$ServerAsyncTask
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Popup.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Popup
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Popup$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/LoginActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$10
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$11
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$12
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$12$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$12$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$12$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$12$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$13
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$14
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$15
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$15$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$15$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$15$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$16
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$16$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$17
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$18
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$19
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$19$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$19$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$2$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$20
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$9
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$MyReceiver
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$ProfileQuery
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$ServerAsyncTask
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$UserLoginTask
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.LoginActivity$tryLogout
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityDefectsBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityDefectsBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/inspMemberAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspMemberAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityAppFormBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityAppFormBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/DialogWorkplanEndMpBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.DialogWorkplanEndMpBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/activity/config/ActivityParams.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.activity.config.ActivityParams
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingTextEditTimeRow11Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingTextEditTimeRow11Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityMaintenanceMapBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityMaintenanceMapBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/ranges/RangeCompletion.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.ranges.RangeCompletion
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.ranges.RangeCompletion$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/ranges/RangeChunk.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.ranges.RangeChunk
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ViewCustomMarkerBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ViewCustomMarkerBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/LatLong.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.LatLong
com/app/ps19/elecapp/UnitCordsAdjActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitCordsAdjActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitCordsAdjActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitCordsAdjActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitCordsAdjActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitCordsAdjActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitCordsAdjActivity$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitCordsAdjActivity$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitCordsAdjActivity$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UnitCordsAdjActivity$8
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/LocationsOpt.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.LocationsOpt
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.LocationsOpt$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/VoiceDownloaderTask.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.VoiceDownloaderTask
com/app/ps19/elecapp/DashActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashActivity
com/app/ps19/elecapp/DebugActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DebugActivity
com/app/ps19/elecapp/reportInboxAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportInboxAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/DialogServerInfoBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.DialogServerInfoBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingRadiobuttonRow22Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingRadiobuttonRow22Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/IConvertHelper.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.IConvertHelper
com/app/ps19/elecapp/SendLogTo.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SendLogTo
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SendLogTo$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SendLogTo$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SendLogTo$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SendLogTo$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SendLogTo$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SendLogTo$5$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SendLogTo$5$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SendLogTo$5$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SendLogTo$5$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SendLogTo$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SendLogTo$7
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/FragmentRefreshListener.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.FragmentRefreshListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingRadioeditRow17Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingRadioeditRow17Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/WorkplanRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.WorkplanRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityPdfBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityPdfBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/TestForms.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.TestForms
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingDescriptionRow6Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingDescriptionRow6Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/UpdatePasswordActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UpdatePasswordActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UpdatePasswordActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UpdatePasswordActivity$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UpdatePasswordActivity$1$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.UpdatePasswordActivity$1$1$2
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/Res.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Res
com/app/ps19/elecapp/location/providers/ProviderType.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.providers.ProviderType
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FixedAssetSelectRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FixedAssetSelectRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/geofencing/Interface/IGeofencingProvider.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.geofencing.Interface.IGeofencingProvider
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/MultipartLargeUtility.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.MultipartLargeUtility
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.MultipartLargeUtility$FilePart
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.MultipartLargeUtility$FormField
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/LanguageDialogBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.LanguageDialogBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/AspectRatio.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.AspectRatio
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.AspectRatio$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/SessionSwitchingDialogBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.SessionSwitchingDialogBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/issueAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.issueAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.issueAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentSessionViewBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentSessionViewBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ParentWorkOrderItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ParentWorkOrderItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/InstructionRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.InstructionRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ItemSelectWorkPlanBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ItemSelectWorkPlanBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/BottomNavigationViewHelper.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.BottomNavigationViewHelper
com/app/ps19/elecapp/defects/recentDefectsAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.recentDefectsAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.recentDefectsAdapter$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/MainDashboardBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.MainDashboardBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/TaskActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskActivity$2$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskActivity$2$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskActivity$3$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskActivity$4$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/AppFormActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AppFormActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AppFormActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AppFormActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AppFormActivity$3
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ContentProfileBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ContentProfileBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentTemplateTestBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentTemplateTestBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/defects/previousDefectsAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.previousDefectsAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/WorkerRowChildBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.WorkerRowChildBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ContentReportAddBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ContentReportAddBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ListviewDialogBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ListviewDialogBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/CallbackHandler.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.CallbackHandler
com/app/ps19/elecapp/hos/hosAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.hos.hosAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ContentIssueNewThemeBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ContentIssueNewThemeBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/geofencing/Interface/OnGeofencingTransitionListener.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.geofencing.Interface.OnGeofencingTransitionListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityCameraIntentBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityCameraIntentBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/wplan/ui/main/AreaFilteredSectionPagerAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.ui.main.AreaFilteredSectionPagerAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityAssetMapsBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityAssetMapsBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/DisplayOrientationDetector.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.DisplayOrientationDetector
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.DisplayOrientationDetector$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/ReportInboxActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportInboxActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportInboxActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportInboxActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportInboxActivity$3
com/app/ps19/elecapp/safetyBriefing/SafetyBriefingActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.SafetyBriefingActivity
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/JourneyPlanOpt.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.JourneyPlanOpt
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.JourneyPlanOpt$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentStopInspectionBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentStopInspectionBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/CompRange.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.CompRange
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ReportRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ReportRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityWorkplanTestBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityWorkplanTestBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ContentReportDetailBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ContentReportDetailBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityReportInboxBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityReportInboxBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentFormBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentFormBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/MinMaxInputFilter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.MinMaxInputFilter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ReportInboxRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ReportInboxRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/InspectionUnitTestItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.InspectionUnitTestItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingRadiotextRow20Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingRadiotextRow20Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/DUnit.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.DUnit
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.DUnit$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/Geometry.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.Geometry
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/hos/Hos.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.hos.Hos
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.hos.Hos$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.hos.Hos$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.hos.Hos$2
com/app/ps19/elecapp/reports/ReportShowActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reports.ReportShowActivity
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityIssuesBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityIssuesBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingRadiotextRow24Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingRadiotextRow24Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentSessionThirdLevelViewBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentSessionThirdLevelViewBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/inspection/InspectionActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$10
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$10$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$11
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$12
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$13
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$14
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$15
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$16
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$17
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$18
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$19
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$20
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$21
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$22
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$23
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$24
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$25
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$26
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$27
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$28
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$29
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$30
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$31
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$32
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$33
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$34
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$35
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$36
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$37
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$38
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$39
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$40
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$41
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$42
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$43
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$44
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$45
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$46
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$47
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$48
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$49
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$7$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$9
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$InspectionUnitsAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$InspectionUnitsAdapter$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$InspectionUnitsAdapter$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$InspectionUnitsAdapter$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$InspectionUnitsAdapter$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$InspectionUnitsAdapter$4$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$Template
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$Test
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.InspectionActivity$Unit
com/app/ps19/elecapp/geofencing/providers/GeofencingProvider.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.geofencing.providers.GeofencingProvider
com/app/ps19/elecapp/dummy/DummyContent.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.dummy.DummyContent
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.dummy.DummyContent$DummyItem
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/error/ErrorObject.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.error.ErrorObject
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/SessionsListRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.SessionsListRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/dynforms/defaultvalues/DynFromControlDv.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.defaultvalues.DynFromControlDv
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/dynforms/DynForm.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynForm
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynForm$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynForm$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynForm$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynForm$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynForm$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynForm$6
com/app/ps19/elecapp/ReportWebViewActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportWebViewActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportWebViewActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportWebViewActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportWebViewActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportWebViewActivity$3$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportWebViewActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ReportWebViewActivity$5
com/app/ps19/elecapp/reportAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/ProfileActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ProfileActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ProfileActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ProfileActivity$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ProfileActivity$1$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ProfileActivity$1$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ProfileActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ProfileActivity$2$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ProfileActivity$2$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ProfileActivity$2$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ProfileActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ProfileActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.ProfileActivity$5
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/SUnit.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.SUnit
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/Globals.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Globals
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Globals$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Globals$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Globals$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Globals$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Globals$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Globals$AppCameraType
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Globals$AppName
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Globals$TimeEventType
com/app/ps19/elecapp/safetyBriefing/WorkerFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerFragment$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerFragment$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/IOnDialogClicked.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.IOnDialogClicked
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/ImageCaptureCallback.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.ImageCaptureCallback
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ThirdLevelItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ThirdLevelItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ParentItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ParentItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/dynforms/defaultvalues/DynFormDv.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.defaultvalues.DynFormDv
com/app/ps19/elecapp/reports/CompletionFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reports.CompletionFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reports.CompletionFragment$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivitySafetyBriefingBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivitySafetyBriefingBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/dialog/PickerDialog.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.dialog.PickerDialog
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.dialog.PickerDialog$ActionListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ContentIssueInboxBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ContentIssueInboxBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/maintenance/MaintenanceMapActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.MaintenanceMapActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.MaintenanceMapActivity$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/Values.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.Values
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/CanvasDrawer.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.CanvasDrawer
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.CanvasDrawer$DefaultCanvasDrawer
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/dynforms/DynFormSettings.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynFormSettings
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityInfoTableBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityInfoTableBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/SelectWorkPlanDialogFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SelectWorkPlanDialogFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SelectWorkPlanDialogFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SelectWorkPlanDialogFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SelectWorkPlanDialogFragment$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.SelectWorkPlanDialogFragment$WorkPlanAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/WorkerRowGroupBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.WorkerRowGroupBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/wplan/ui/main/PlaceholderFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/UnitsOpt.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.UnitsOpt
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.UnitsOpt$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/InspectionStartActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionStartActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionStartActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionStartActivity$10
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionStartActivity$11
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionStartActivity$12
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionStartActivity$13
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionStartActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionStartActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionStartActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionStartActivity$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionStartActivity$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionStartActivity$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionStartActivity$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.InspectionStartActivity$9
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityInspectionMapBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityInspectionMapBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ContentSessionDashboardBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ContentSessionDashboardBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentPlansInprogressBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentPlansInprogressBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/LocationManagerInterface.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.LocationManagerInterface
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/PhotographerHelper.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.PhotographerHelper
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityDebugBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityDebugBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/MaintenanceActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MaintenanceActivity
com/app/ps19/elecapp/location/config/LocationAccuracy.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.config.LocationAccuracy
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityReportAddBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityReportAddBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/FocusHandler.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.FocusHandler
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.FocusHandler$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.FocusHandler$Callback
com/app/ps19/elecapp/FormFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.FormFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.FormFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.FormFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.FormFragment$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.FormFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityDefectCodeBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityDefectCodeBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/RunRanges.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.RunRanges
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/InspectionUnitParentItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.InspectionUnitParentItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/DefectCode.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.DefectCode
com/app/ps19/elecapp/MaintenanceExecActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MaintenanceExecActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MaintenanceExecActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MaintenanceExecActivity$10
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MaintenanceExecActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MaintenanceExecActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MaintenanceExecActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MaintenanceExecActivity$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MaintenanceExecActivity$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MaintenanceExecActivity$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MaintenanceExecActivity$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.MaintenanceExecActivity$9
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/InspectionPauseStopDialogBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.InspectionPauseStopDialogBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/SessionStartDialogBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.SessionStartDialogBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ContentEndPointBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ContentEndPointBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/wpAdapter1.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wpAdapter1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/Worker.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.Worker
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentIssuesNewBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentIssuesNewBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/safetyBriefing/ui/main/PlaceholderFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/reportDetailAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportDetailAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/CustomPopupMenuItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.CustomPopupMenuItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/MD5Util.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.MD5Util
com/app/ps19/elecapp/wpAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wpAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentPlansListBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentPlansListBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ContentReportViewBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ContentReportViewBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/AssetType.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.AssetType
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/SharedPref.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.SharedPref
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/JsonWebService.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.JsonWebService
com/app/ps19/elecapp/wplan/TemplateTestFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.TemplateTestFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.TemplateTestFragment$CustExpListview
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.TemplateTestFragment$JPAreaAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.TemplateTestFragment$JPAreaAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.TemplateTestFragment$JPAreaAdapter$MyViewHolder$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.TemplateTestFragment$ParentLevel
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.TemplateTestFragment$ParentLevel$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.TemplateTestFragment$ParentLevel$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.TemplateTestFragment$SecondLevelAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.TemplateTestFragment$Template
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.TemplateTestFragment$Test
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.TemplateTestFragment$Unit
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/SecondLevelItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.SecondLevelItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/error/ServerInfo.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.error.ServerInfo
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/PopupInputServerBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.PopupInputServerBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityStartBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityStartBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentCompletionBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentCompletionBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/location/Interface/OnLocationUpdatedListener.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.Interface.OnLocationUpdatedListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/PopupImageBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.PopupImageBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.BuildConfig
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentIssuesBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentIssuesBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/AssetMapsActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AssetMapsActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AssetMapsActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AssetMapsActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AssetMapsActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AssetMapsActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AssetMapsActivity$5
com/app/ps19/elecapp/DashboardActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$10
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$11
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$11$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$11$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$11$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$12
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$12$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$13
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$13$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$13$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$14
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$15
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$16
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$17
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$18
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$19
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$20
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$21
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$22
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$23
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$24
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$25
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$26
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$27
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$28
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$29
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$30
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$30$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$30$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$30$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$30$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$30$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$31
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$32
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$33
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$34
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$35
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$36
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$37
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$38
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$39
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$4$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$4$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$4$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$40
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$41
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$42
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$43
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$44
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$45
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$46
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$46$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DashboardActivity$9
com/app/ps19/elecapp/location/Interface/LocationProvider.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.Interface.LocationProvider
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/DefectCodeRowChildBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.DefectCodeRowChildBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/DimensionConverter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.DimensionConverter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.DimensionConverter$InternalDimension
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ContentPopupBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ContentPopupBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/StartInspectionActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity$10
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity$11
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity$12
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity$13
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity$14
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionActivity$9
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingRowGroupBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingRowGroupBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityServerBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityServerBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/Report.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.Report
com/app/ps19/elecapp/CameraIntentActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.CameraIntentActivity
com/app/ps19/elecapp/DynFormListFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DynFormListFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DynFormListFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DynFormListFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DynFormListFragment$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DynFormListFragment$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DynFormListFragment$DynFormListAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DynFormListFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/maintenance/WorkOrderListFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.WorkOrderListFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.WorkOrderListFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.WorkOrderListFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.WorkOrderListFragment$MaintenanceAreaAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.WorkOrderListFragment$MaintenanceAreaAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.WorkOrderListFragment$MaintenanceAreaAdapter$MyViewHolder$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.WorkOrderListFragment$ParentLevel
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.WorkOrderListFragment$ParentLevel$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.WorkOrderListFragment$ParentLevel$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.WorkOrderListFragment$ParentLevel$1$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.WorkOrderListFragment$ParentLevel$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.WorkOrderListFragment$ParentLevel$3
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/UnitSelectionRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.UnitSelectionRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingRadiobuttonRow10Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingRadiobuttonRow10Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/inspection/SymbolsAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.SymbolsAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.SymbolsAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/FormRow.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.FormRow
com/app/ps19/elecapp/location/SmartLocationManager.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.SmartLocationManager
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.SmartLocationManager$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.SmartLocationManager$Builder
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.SmartLocationManager$GeofencingControl
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.SmartLocationManager$LocationControl
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/LocationChangedInterface.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.LocationChangedInterface
com/app/ps19/elecapp/safetyBriefing/WorkerAddActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerAddActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerAddActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerAddActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerAddActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerAddActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerAddActivity$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerAddActivity$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerAddActivity$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.WorkerAddActivity$8
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityWplanBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityWplanBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/IssueVoice.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.IssueVoice
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/CameraViewOverlay.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.CameraViewOverlay
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.CameraViewOverlay$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.CameraViewOverlay$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.CameraViewOverlay$3
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/DefectCodeRowGroupBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.DefectCodeRowGroupBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentPreviousIssuesBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentPreviousIssuesBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ServerInfoRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ServerInfoRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingRadiobuttonRow14Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingRadiobuttonRow14Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/wplan/dummy/DummyContent.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.dummy.DummyContent
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.dummy.DummyContent$DummyItem
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ParentWorkOrderDetailItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ParentWorkOrderDetailItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/location/LocationUpdatesService.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.LocationUpdatesService
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.LocationUpdatesService$LocalBinder
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/ObservableObject.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.ObservableObject
com/app/ps19/elecapp/location/providers/MultiFallbackProvider.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.providers.MultiFallbackProvider
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.providers.MultiFallbackProvider$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.providers.MultiFallbackProvider$Builder
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ObjectSectionTitleBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ObjectSectionTitleBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/LoginNewThemeBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.LoginNewThemeBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/Error.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.Error
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/GeoLocation.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.GeoLocation
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityMaintenanceExecBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityMaintenanceExecBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/hos/TimeSlot.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.hos.TimeSlot
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/Size.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.Size
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/CustomClusterRenderer.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.CustomClusterRenderer
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/Completion.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.Completion
com/app/ps19/elecapp/defects/RecentIssuesFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.RecentIssuesFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.RecentIssuesFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.RecentIssuesFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.RecentIssuesFragment$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.RecentIssuesFragment$4
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/dynforms/InspectionFreq.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.InspectionFreq
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityTaskDetailBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityTaskDetailBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/PdfActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.PdfActivity
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/InternalPhotographer.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.InternalPhotographer
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/dynforms/DynFormList.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynFormList
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentAssetBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentAssetBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentDefectsBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentDefectsBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/User.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.User
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityHosBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityHosBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/wplan/RunsFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.RunsFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.RunsFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.RunsFragment$1$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.RunsFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.RunsFragment$2$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/Utilities.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Utilities
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Utilities$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Utilities$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Utilities$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Utilities$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.Utilities$5
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/IMergeHelper.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.IMergeHelper
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/UnitsDefectsOpt.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.UnitsDefectsOpt
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityCamera2SizepickerBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityCamera2SizepickerBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/location/providers/LocationManagerProvider.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.providers.LocationManagerProvider
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.providers.LocationManagerProvider$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.providers.LocationManagerProvider$2
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/ListViewDialog.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.ListViewDialog
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.ListViewDialog$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.ListViewDialog$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.ListViewDialog$2$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.ListViewDialog$2$1$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentStartInspectionBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentStartInspectionBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/Task.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.Task
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.Task$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingRadiotextRow18Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingRadiotextRow18Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/inspection/SessionsAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.inspection.SessionsAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/safetyBriefing/BriefingFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.BriefingFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.BriefingFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.BriefingFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.BriefingFragment$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.BriefingFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ReportDetailRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ReportDetailRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/version/FeatureSetList.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.version.FeatureSetList
com/app/ps19/elecapp/safetyBriefing/workerListAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.workerListAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.workerListAdapter$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.workerListAdapter$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.workerListAdapter$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.workerListAdapter$4
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/version/ContractAppearance.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.version.ContractAppearance
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityCameraBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityCameraBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentCommentsBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentCommentsBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentSafetyBriefingBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentSafetyBriefingBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityTaskDashboardBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityTaskDashboardBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/safetyBriefing/CommentsFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.CommentsFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.CommentsFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.CommentsFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.CommentsFragment$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.CommentsFragment$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.CommentsFragment$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.CommentsFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/SessionEndDialogBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.SessionEndDialogBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/DocDownloaderTask.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.DocDownloaderTask
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/AppSettings.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.AppSettings
com/app/ps19/elecapp/geofencing/utils/TransitionGeofence.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.geofencing.utils.TransitionGeofence
com/app/ps19/elecapp/TaskDashboardActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$10
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$10$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$11
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$12
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$7$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$7$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$9
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.TaskDashboardActivity$9$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityReportViewBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityReportViewBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingDescriptionRow19Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingDescriptionRow19Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityChangePasswordBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityChangePasswordBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/RecentDefectChildItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.RecentDefectChildItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityReportShowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityReportShowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/AssetMarkerRender.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.AssetMarkerRender
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/Units.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.Units
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.Units$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ContentUnitCordsAdjBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ContentUnitCordsAdjBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentPreviousMapBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentPreviousMapBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityProfileBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityProfileBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/dynforms/DynEditTextDatePicker.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynEditTextDatePicker
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/dynforms/DynFormControl.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynControlType
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.dynforms.DynFormControl
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityListviewBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityListviewBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityDashboardBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityDashboardBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingButtoneditRow13Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingButtoneditRow13Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/IssueFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$10
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$11
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$12
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$13
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$14
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$15
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$9
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.IssueFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/BitmapTools.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.BitmapTools
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentDynFormListBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentDynFormListBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/StartInspectionFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionFragment$10
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionFragment$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionFragment$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionFragment$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionFragment$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionFragment$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionFragment$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionFragment$9
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionFragment$MyReceiver
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.StartInspectionFragment$StartDialogListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/wplan/ui/main/PageViewModel.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.ui.main.PageViewModel
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.wplan.ui.main.PageViewModel$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/defects/PreviousIssuesFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.PreviousIssuesFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.PreviousIssuesFragment$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.PreviousIssuesFragment$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.PreviousIssuesFragment$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.PreviousIssuesFragment$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.PreviousIssuesFragment$5
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/LocItem.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.LocItem
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/version/VersionInfo.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.version.VersionInfo
com/app/ps19/elecapp/defects/ui/main/PlaceholderFragment.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.defects.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/DialogWorkplanStartMpBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.DialogWorkplanStartMpBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ContentInboxBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ContentInboxBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/FragmentWplanBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.FragmentWplanBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/UnitsTestOpt.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.UnitsTestOpt
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/HosUserEntryRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.HosUserEntryRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/UserInfoBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.UserInfoBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ClusterRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ClusterRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/taskAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.taskAdapter
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/Photographer.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.Photographer
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.Photographer$OnEventListener
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/SmartLocationManager.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.SmartLocationManager
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.SmartLocationManager$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.SmartLocationManager$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.SmartLocationManager$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.SmartLocationManager$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.SmartLocationManager$5
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/LocationItemBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.LocationItemBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ItemObjectRowBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ItemObjectRowBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityCamera2Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityCamera2Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/DefectCodeActivity.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DefectCodeActivity
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DefectCodeActivity$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DefectCodeActivity$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.DefectCodeActivity$3
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/BriefingDescriptionRow4Binding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.BriefingDescriptionRow4Binding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/location/utils/LocationState.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.location.utils.LocationState
com/app/ps19/elecapp/reportVoiceAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportVoiceAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportVoiceAdapter$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportVoiceAdapter$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportVoiceAdapter$2$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportVoiceAdapter$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportVoiceAdapter$3$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.reportVoiceAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivityInspectionStartBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivityInspectionStartBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/TestLinearProps.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.TestLinearProps
com/app/ps19/elecapp/databinding/ActivitySendLogToBinding.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.databinding.ActivitySendLogToBinding
com/app/ps19/elecapp/camera/options/Commons.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.camera.options.Commons
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/maintenance/MaintenanceExecution.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.maintenance.MaintenanceExecution
com/app/ps19/elecapp/uSelectionAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.uSelectionAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.uSelectionAdapter$1
com/app/ps19/elecapp/classes/error/DeviceInfo.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.classes.error.DeviceInfo
com/app/ps19/elecapp/safetyBriefing/briefingListAdapter.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$1
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$10
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$11
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$12
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$13
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$14
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$15
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$16
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$17
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$18
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$19
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$2
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$20
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$21
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$22
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$23
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$24
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$25
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$26
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$27
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$28
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$29
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$3
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$30
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$31
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$32
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$33
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$34
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$4
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$5
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$6
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$7
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$8
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.safetyBriefing.briefingListAdapter$9
com/app/ps19/elecapp/Shared/onLocReceive.java
 com.app.ps19.elecapp.Shared.onLocReceive
